OK, ppl, I guess it's time to give you new toy to play with, and I'm going to introduce first pf-kernel release for 3.15 Linux kernel tree now.  
  
In fact, I'm not happy with current things state, as I've faced ugly issue with ath9k module (see my description [here](http://lists.tuxonice.net/pipermail/tuxonice-devel/2014-June/007500.html) with subsequent emails). The most ugly thing in this story that it's unclear what causes such a weird behavior. If someone has ath9k too, please, give it some test.  
  
Nevertheless, other things look good. I've merged official BFQv7r4 patches for 3.15 kernel. Also, I've ported UKSM, and it seems it work OK as well. TuxOnIce is merged from tuxonice-head, as no separate branch has been created yet. BFS has not been released officially yet, but there are several ports, fixes and enhancements (by Alfred Chen, Ivan Shapovalov and me), so I've merged them all together and give them some test. Work OK. Finally, I've merged graysky's GCC tunes patch for GCC v4.2+, and it also seems to work well.  
  
You may grab the patch [here](https://pf.natalenko.name/sources/3.15/patch-3.15-pf1.xz). Small shortlog produced by this command:  
  

    
    
    git shortlog --no-merges --since="$(git show -s --format=%ci v3.15 | tail -n 1)" v3.15..HEAD

  
  
is also appended.  
  

    
    
    Oleksandr Natalenko (15):  
          bfq-3.15: merge official BFQv7r4 for Linux 3.15  
          version-3.15: bump to v3.15-pf1  
          distro-3.15: bump to v3.15-pf1  
          configs-3.15: update dell-vostro-3360.config  
          uksm-3.15: use vmacache_invalidate()  
          ck-3.15: fix compiling errors  
          ck-3.15: fix linking errors  
          gcctunes-3.15: merge graysky's gcc tunables patch (GCC 4.2+)  
          ck-3.15: merge Alfred's BFS port for 3.15 kernel  
          ck-3.15: fix set_table_entry() usage  
          configs-3.15: update dell-vostro-3360.config  
          uksm-3.15: fix possible __this_cpu_read() using in preemptible code  
          ck-3.15: BFS: fix building on ARM  
          ck-3.15: fix BFS compiling with CONFIG_DEBUG_ATOMIC_SLEEP=y  
          configs-3.15: introduce dell-vostro-3360.config.debug
