OK, kids, it's been a long time since I released latest pf-kernel patch, and now I'm happy to announce the immediate availability of first pf-kernel release for 3.11 Linux branch.  
  
The patch is [here](http://pf.natalenko.name/sources/3.11/patch-3.11.1-pf.bz2), and you are kindly asked to grab it right now and start compiling.  
  
There are several notes on this release from me:  
  


  1. I've removed EnhanceIO as it is unclear for know if it will be developed further;
  2. I've removed all obsolete configs and links to distros that haven't updated pf-kernel builds for long time;
  3. I've removed all distro helpers from pf-kernel tree except those targeted for Arch Linux;
  4. I do not provide any binary build anymore.

  
I expect 3.11-pf to be maintained more actively than 3.10-pf. Also pay your attention that all binary builds will be removed from my server in one month.  
  
It would be very nice if one of you took over maintaining deb-builds for bunch of Debian- and Ubuntu-based distros. Arch Linux and Gentoo are already supported, so we need deb-based and, of course, rpm-based. You may contact me directly, I'll place all needed links on pf-kernel site main page.  
  
There are no known issues at the moment, everything works OK for me. The only thing I'd like to notice is that UKSM is not optimized to work with zram enabled, but UKSM developer has acknowledged that and ( _I hope so!_ ) is working on the problem.  
  
I wish you good compiling and warm autumn beginning.  
  
Regards,  
  post-factum.
