Good night to everyone! Yep, it's midnight here, in Kyiv, the spring has come here ( _+17°C outside and windless_ ), and it's definitely the time to release new pf-kernel version.  
  
I'm happy to announce the immediate availability of first pf-kernel release for Linux 3.14 branch, and the patch is already [in place](https://pf.natalenko.name/sources/3.14/patch-3.14-pf1.xz).  
  
First of all, please, note, that I've changed patch versioning. Now it's 3.X-pfY, and the real kernel version stays 3.X.0-pfY regardless of Y. I expect that should make things easier to understand, and BTW Ubuntu does similar thing, so I hope noone would be offended.  
  
This release introduces nothing new but fresh ports of components to 3.14 branch. Many thanks to Arianna Avanzini for BFQ resync against 3.14 tree ( _looking forward to v7r3!_ ), Nai Xia, Felixonmars and Marco Benatto for UKSM port, Alfred Chen for BFS port and Nigel Cunningham for keeping TuxOnIce fresh.  
  
No known issues yet, but I guess you may find something :).  
  
Further plans are: 1) merging stable tree; 2) upgrading BFQ to v7r3 when it comes ( _soon, I hope_ ). I expect unofficial BFS to be stable enough for Con to make just small official resync.  
  
Shortlog appended, and… enjoy!  
  

    
    
    Alfred Chen (2):  
          The Brain Fuck Scheduler v0.446 by Con Kolivas.  
          Fix BFS circle dead lock.  
      
    Mauro Andreolini (1):  
          block, bfq: add Early Queue Merge (EQM) to BFQ-v7r2 for 3.14.0  
      
    Oleksandr Natalenko (10):  
          version-3.14: bump to v3.14-pf1  
          distro-3.14: bump to v3.14-pf1  
          uksm-3.14: merge test UKSM patch for 3.14 branch  
          configs-3.14: update dell-vostro-3360.config against 3.14 tree  
          distro-3.14: fix PKGBUILD against new versioning model  
          ck-3.12: fix BFS compiling with CONFIG_SMP=n  
          ck-3.12: force disabling BOOTPARAM_HOTPLUG_CPU0 with BFS enabled  
          configs-3.14: update dell-vostro-3360.config against unofficial BFS  
          distro-3.14: cleanup Arch-specific files  
          kvm: replace cond_resched() with schedule()  
      
    Paolo Valente (2):  
          block: cgroups, kconfig, build bits for BFQ-v7r2-3.14  
          block: introduce the BFQ-v7r2 I/O sched for 3.14
