Hi guys. I have some new toy for you.  
  
First pf-kernel release for Linux v3.4 is out. You may grab [this patch](http://pf.natalenko.name/sources/3.4/patch-3.4.1-pf.bz2) immediately and launch compiling, and then continue reading useful info below.  
  
The most cool is that this release introduces TuxOnIce with real fixes merged to make it work with BFS enabled without any magic. Many thanks to Nigel. To guys with 2.6.39: you may upgrade.  
  
This release contains Linux-VServer merged. I've tested it on my laptop running Arch Linux to set up virtual Debian environment — and it works. So you may do the same for fun or for you enterprise stuff ( _just a joke — what mad people use pf-kernel in real production?_ ).  
  
Also I've ported LinuxIMQ and layer7-filter from DD-WRT source tree ( _say «hello» to those guys who do not use git and do not know about microcommits_ ). See known issues section below for more details.  
  
The release also contains 3.4.1 from Linux stable tree. Other things as usual: -ck w/BFS, BFQ etc…  
  
Attention, there are known issues:  
  


  1. loadavg on my system is always zero — this issue it being investigated;
  2. there's known bug with TOI memory allocation, introduced somewhere between 3.2 and 3.3 release — the problem is being investigated as well;
  3. TOI doesn't compile with ZRAM enabled, just disable ZRAM — the issue is being fixed;
  4. layer7-filter still doesn't work or me, but it puts more info in dmesg than in 3.3; I suspect userspace iptables extension to be guilty, but there's no possibility for me to fix it right now, I need help.

  
Compile it, boot it, test it.  
  
Yours truly,  
  post-factum
