Another minor pf-kernel release is here.  
  
As usual, [grab the
patch](http://pf.natalenko.name/sources/3.4/patch-3.4.4-pf.bz2), launch
compiling and go read further.  
  
This release is not so prominent as it should be, because there's no mainline
update. It's still based on 3.4.4 kernel. But there are some TuxOnIce
improvements: first of all, TuxOnIce reached 3.3 version, also memory
allocation bug is reported to be fixed. Another fix is system freeze with BFS
on active I/O — I faced this bug myself, and now it has gone. Also I've
updated configs and PKGBUILD for Arch Linux to work with /lib moved to
/usr/lib.  
  
Known bugs:  
  

  * l7-filter as usual;
  * sometimes TOI refuses to hibernate due to inability to freeze flush thread — Nigel acknowledged this bug, and, hopefully, will fix it.

  
Here is shortlog:  
  

    
    
    [pf@eternity]:[~/work/sources/pf-kernel][0]% git shortlog --no-merges v3.4.3-pf..v3.4.4-pf  
    Nigel (6):  
          Replace refs to shrink_all_memory with shrink_memory_mask.  
          Fix failure to free memory.  
          TuxOnIce 3.3  
          Remove obsolete __make_request addition  
          Reduce diff to vanilla to just symbol exports.  
          Cleanup - indentation, unneeded exports etc.  
      
    Oleksandr Natalenko (8):  
          configs-3.4: update asus-g73sw.config  
          ck-3.4: update BFS to v424  
          version-3.4: bump to v3.4.4-pf  
          distro-3.4: bump to v3.4.4-pf  
          tuxonice-3.4: update TuxOnIce to v3.3 for Linux v3.4  
          distro-3.4: make PKGBUILD work with modules in /usr/lib  
          configs-3.4: update Dell Inspiron 1525 laptop config  
          Revert "Merge branch 'tuxonice-3.4' into pf-3.4"

  
  
It's likely I'll release 3.4.5-pf if GKH release mainline update for 3.4
branch. If not, this should be the last release of pf-kernel for 3.4 kernel.

