Despite of having no stable patch from GKH yet, I'm glad to announce early 3.9.1-pf availability as an excuse for throwing off 3.8 tree. The [patch](http://pf.natalenko.name/sources/3.9/patch-3.9.1-pf.bz2) is available as well as [binary builds](http://pf.natalenko.name/repos.php). Note that I publish binaries only in repos now, so go and use your package manager instead of manual downloading. Of course, it's better to compile own kernel. Strong men really must do that.  
  
Nothing changed a lot except obsoleting all the configs except mine. -ck is pre-release though as CK faced troubles with hosting, BFQ is not-final too, but it works, UKSM is not released, but it performs well for me, TOI is as usual and EnhanceIO is merged too, but I do not use it anymore.  
  
Another note: I've changed my public key, it's available from [here](http://natalenko.name/?page_id=2675).  
  
And finally some thoughts about future. I'm going to stop doing binary builds at the end of summer. The reason is that it's not funny as I thought, but another reason is lack of donations. And, of course, it takes some time to prepare, which I'd like to spend for anything else. I hope till that time we will find some maintainers.  
  
Another thought is about TOI. I've got no positive response about it on Twitter, so if Nigel doesn't fix memory issues we all faced, I will throw it away. It's sad that Nigel has got no time for it, but I really understand that we are all enthusiasts :(. Sad but true.  
  
EnhanceIO is under the risk too as dm-cache is merged into mainline. Will see.  
  
And, of course, I expect BFQ to be merged into mainline soon. That would be great.  
  
So you must stop reading right now and try new pf-kernel release. Good luck.
