Kudos. Long-awaited pf-kernel release for 4.5 kernel branch is finally here.
Please [grab the
patch](https://pf.natalenko.name/sources/4.5/patch-4.5-pf1.xz) and proceed
with reading. This release, as usual, introduces handy set of 3rd-party
patches, and among others are:

  1. stable 4.5.1 release by GKH;
  2. BFS CPU scheduler by Con Kolivas, v469 with VRQ enhancements by Alfred Chen;
  3. BFQ I/O scheduler v7r11, trivially forward-ported from 4.4 branch, as there is still no official release;
  4. TuxOnIce hibernation subsystem merged from official branch with a couple of patches reverted due to boot issues;
  5. UKSM memory deduplication subsystem, forward-ported from 4.4 branch with, unfortunately, no official plans on further development;
  6. graysky's GCC patchset for your lovely CPU;
  7. a couple of specific fixes that remove warnings from network subsystem as well as fix cardreader-related loadavg on my laptop.

For sure, there should be one more thing. This time it is writeback-throttling
patchset, backported from Jens' 4.6 development branch. The aim of these
patches is to make kernel writeback suck less for slow devices, and, probably,
fix some part of widely-known 12309 bug. In fact, this should solve famous
bufferbloat problem for block I/O subsystem. Binary builds for Arch Linux are
available as well for Ivy Bridge and Jaguar CPUs. Please note that I've
changed package versioning this time, and while you have 4.5.0-pf1 kernel, it
is provided by 4.5.1-2 package. That is my decision to decouple pf-kernel
version from package release to make building via OpenSUSE Build System more
intelligent. Have fun.

